Personal speech beauty is coming back here.
with one more video and this time doing
for you but the extra gta crazy to
this point you should already know in this
online suite that Alan the mike not
could record today because the internet
they fell because it rained a lot in the city.
where they live for those who do not know the
two live in thick point
Good people, this is going to betray the
anc because we could not leave
you video is for sure and found a
very crazy guy running it is
microcircuit pantone that the races
which I thought had to simulate a
kart beauty then let's see what
It's rolls and the agent is not friends.
need to teach wheel the wheel is
huh
let's enjoy the win
youth in the rain is why hamas
they are not playing in homage to the two
the rain tribute to both of them well my
God sent a dumpster in blue Oo is
who is black sometimes was that reason
there is the last one, it may be that the
daily
al Caracas seems a ball but was
who fights for our faces i can
Manuel de run alone was the pinkish
burned very crazy mano is well run
even crazy crazy
good this race here we will save it
to do with singing and also another
Time and doing something I want to see.
It's and how we train here to train
tomorrow
daughter of david we played here one
to deliver the irs buen practiced proof
new ones but how to explain which curve
crazy morning
only in a human curve of ours
take no
you that our currency to support the car
she's running alone and whore
shit can only be a man is not that
car I do not want to be the
animals more twisted and you stand there one
stage of his grandfather has passed near or
away knot in bulk here is easy to defeat
gets stuck that this full is that santana
that comes
do not forget to ask to
So, Mom , at lunchtime, we
take away the blue team and insane my
lady is the avatar rock is not the alan the
dude, start doing this clowning
this curve here mano is so old
face as expected as like wallace
everybody is flipped
He came to train, we're not training.
a chance appeared i 'm leaving it's
crazy get away in time
the team cappuccino ball on the wall me
and our lady was broken into and put
three laps in the uncontrolled series that
arrives at the slippery farmhouse but I do not know
why come
here comes this wall verb speaks to you there
Botafogo that shit bro power that was
managed to walk alone hand is
running alone will I help
Here it goes
Let's fight together and together let's go together.
the game just tava savior decided where
that will recharge to this race
very tame I have to do with
the guy is going to do what we already know
that this crazy curve and I get
the nassif demo that is not that civil dac
only then then good guys so that's there
exchange over here if you like this video
you can mark and his home where
your favorite
do not forget that today I also have to
take in crazy normal beauty guys and
3m now also good athlete see in this
video of the good forget is this maybe the
guys until the next
So that's it, people, it's okay, and I went.